I don't think you are looking for Miss Jiang.
And to die
What are you doing here?
Humph brat
Who are you talking to?
Did you know I'm your uncle?
You still have the face to say that you are my uncle
My dad died that year
My mom broke her leg.
Not only will you help my mother and son?
Is that so?
My house even kicked us out
Stop talking nonsense, how can I bullshit you
Today I am helping the farmer
I'll give you the rest. Come here
What is this?
The pig is engaged to someone else
That's not possible.
What's impossible?
The introduction is the son of the Governor of Nanjiang
Miss Jiang married him
That's a climb.
Hmph, do you think marrying you
Is it possible for poor people who rent houses?
I don't believe my Lord will marry someone else
I'm going to find out.
Yahaha
Do you think Master Nong sent you an invitation?
Do you want to invite you to a wedding party?
Ah hum
I want you to give up
Don't be a toad and want to eat swan meat
This is between me and my dream
It's not your turn
Hmph, stinky boy, I'm in charge of this.